[k8s] Update k8s FAQ on autoscaling (#3437)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/kubernetes/index.rst

* **Are autoscaling Kubernetes clusters supported?**

  Support for autoscaling clusters is experimental.
  To run on autoscaling clusters, set the :code:`provision_timeout` key in :code:`~/.sky/config.yaml` to a large value to give enough time for the cluster autoscaler to provision new nodes.

>   This will allow SkyPilot to wait for the cluster to scale up before launching the task. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This will allow SkyPilot enough time to wait for the cluster to scale up before failing over to the next candidate resource (e.g., next cloud). Example:
```

  .. code-block:: yaml

      # ~/.sky/config.yaml
      kubernetes:

>         provision_timeout: 900  # Wait 15 minutes for nodes to get provisioned before fail over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        provision_timeout: 900  # Wait 15 minutes for nodes to get provisioned before failover.
```
